Release ticloud cli v1.0.0-beta.2 (#18938)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/ticloud-cluster-create.md

|------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| -n --display-name string     | Specifies the name of the cluster to be created.                                                               | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| --spending-limit-monthly int | Specifies the maximum monthly spending limit in USD cents.                                                     | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| -p, --project-id string      | Specifies the ID of the project, in which the cluster will be created. The default value is `default project`. | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| -r, --region string          | The name of cloud region. You can use "ticloud serverless region" to see all regions.                          | Yes      | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |

> | --disable-public-endpoint    | Whether the public endpoint is disabled.                                                                       | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
> | --encryption                 | Whether Enhanced Encryption at Rest is enabled.                                                                | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --disable-public-endpoint    | Disables the public endpoint.                                                                       | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
| --encryption                 | Enables enhanced encryption at rest.                                                                | No       | Only works in non-interactive mode.                 |
```
